A Huc, come and see.
Sir, what's the matter?
Grandpa is fine, he arrests less people here.
You must have poisoned me.
What proof do you have?
I also said you are a prodigal son.
When something happened to grandpa, if it wasn't him, who else could it be?
Grandfather.
Can I reset the Tiang mud furnace?
Is chronic poison.
Can you cut the card for me?
Sir, you can't let him explain to you.
You forgot the purpose of Wang Zhenrong's coming to Kyoto.
Isn't it just because of being in power?
If it weren't for the alliance of the Tham family and the Trieu family
It worked.
I'm looking at him.
He bought a car for Truong Huc Dong and also bought a house.
Inside, specify what transaction is involved.
I don't have a family, you weigh Thai Son, I will show you first.
Big brother, what are you doing?
I am protecting grandpa.
Next issue
Next you do it.
View color